Document Title: Options for Maintaining Configurations in ServiceNow Resolution Finder Chatbot
1. Introduction
Purpose:
This document explores various options to maintain configurations required for onboarding products in the ServiceNow Resolution Finder Chatbot. These configurations include assignment groups, session timeouts, and other settings.
Objective:
To determine scalable and efficient methods to manage configurations for current and future products onboarded to the chatbot.
2. Current Scenario
Overview of the Chatbot:
The ServiceNow Resolution Finder Chatbot is designed to assist users with issue resolution by integrating with ServiceNow. Currently, it handles queries and assigns tasks based on configurations.
Configurations Required:
Assignment Group: Determines which group handles the ticket (e.g., IT Support, HR).
Session Timeout: Defines the inactivity duration before the chatbot ends the session.
[Add other configurations if applicable, like escalation paths or product-specific rules.]
Challenge:
Maintaining and updating these configurations for multiple products efficiently.
3. Options for Maintaining Configurations
This section explores potential methods for storing, managing, and retrieving configurations.

Option 1: Using a Relational Database
Description:
Store configurations in a database like MySQL or PostgreSQL. Each product has a row with relevant configuration fields.
Example Table Structure:
Product Name	Assignment Group	Session Timeout	Escalation Path
Product A	IT Support	15 minutes	Tier 1
Product B	HR	20 minutes	Tier 2
Pros:
Easy to query and update.
Scalable for multiple products.
Can integrate with APIs.
Cons:
Requires database setup and maintenance.
Needs database access for updates.
Option 2: ServiceNow Configuration Management Database (CMDB)
Description:
Use ServiceNow's built-in CMDB to manage configurations. Each product is treated as a Configuration Item (CI), and configurations are stored as attributes.
Example:
Product A:
Assignment Group: IT Support
Session Timeout: 15 minutes
Product B:
Assignment Group: HR
Session Timeout: 20 minutes
Pros:
Integrated with ServiceNow.
Tracks relationships and changes.
Scalable for enterprise use.
Cons:
Requires familiarity with CMDB.
Setup might take longer for new users.
Option 3: Configuration File (JSON/YAML)
Description:
Store configurations in a static file (e.g., JSON or YAML) that the chatbot can read during runtime.
Example JSON File:
json
Copy
Edit
{
  "ProductA": {
    "AssignmentGroup": "IT Support",
    "SessionTimeout": "15"
  },
  "ProductB": {
    "AssignmentGroup": "HR",
    "SessionTimeout": "20"
  }
}
Pros:
Simple to implement.
No additional tools required.
Cons:
Not ideal for large-scale or frequent updates.
Harder to manage as the number of products grows.
Option 4: Dynamic API for Configurations
Description:
Create a REST API to dynamically fetch and update configurations as needed.
Example Workflow:
Chatbot calls the API to fetch configurations based on the product.
Admins use the API to update configurations.
Pros:
Flexible and scalable.
Supports real-time updates.
Cons:
Requires API development and maintenance.
Increased complexity.
4. Recommended Approach
Based on the project requirements, [insert your recommendation here].
Example: "Using the ServiceNow CMDB is recommended due to its integration with existing tools and scalability for managing multiple products."
5. Next Steps
Review the proposed options with the team and manager.
Finalize the approach based on feedback.
If approved, proceed with implementation:
Set up the selected system (e.g., CMDB, database, etc.).
Update chatbot integration to retrieve configurations dynamically.
Test the setup with sample products.
6. Conclusion
This document provides a detailed analysis of options for maintaining configurations in the ServiceNow chatbot. Selecting the right approach will ensure scalability, ease of maintenance, and better user onboarding.
