Got it! I’ll expand the Acceptance Criteria and add detailed options for maintaining configurations in your document. Here's the updated version:


---

Configurations for ServiceNow Resolution Finder Chat Bot Onboarding

1. Introduction

The purpose of this document is to outline the required configurations for onboarding users to the ServiceNow Resolution Finder Chat Bot. These configurations ensure seamless integration, user assignment, and proper session handling.


---

2. Required Configurations

Below are the key configurations identified for onboarding users:

Assignment Groups:
Define the groups to which users can be assigned based on their needs. Examples:

IT Support

HR Support

Finance


Session Timeout:
Determine the duration after which the user session will expire if inactive. Examples:

10 minutes

20 minutes

Custom values depending on use cases.


Cookies and Cache:
Specify how cookies and cache will be used to:

Retain user sessions between interactions.

Improve chatbot responsiveness.

Adhere to data privacy regulations.




---

3. Onboarding Flow

Below is the user onboarding flow and the points where configurations are applied:

1. User Interaction Initiated:

User accesses the chatbot via the ServiceNow platform.



2. Assignment Group Selection:

Based on user input, the chatbot assigns the user to a specific group (e.g., IT Support).



3. Session Handling:

A session is established when the user logs in. Session timeout rules are applied for inactive users.



4. Cookies and Cache:

Cookies store session details to maintain continuity if the user refreshes the page or revisits later.





---

4. Maintaining Configurations for Onboarded Products

To ensure configurations for onboarded products are effectively managed, here are some recommended options:

1. Database Storage:

Relational Database (e.g., MySQL, PostgreSQL):

Store configurations like assignment groups, session timeout values, and user preferences in structured tables.

Example Table:
| Config ID | Config Name       | Value         | Last Updated |
|-----------|------------------|---------------|--------------|
| 1         | Session Timeout  | 20 minutes    | 2025-02-08   |
| 2         | Assignment Group | IT Support    | 2025-02-08   |


NoSQL Database (e.g., MongoDB, DynamoDB):

Use for storing unstructured or flexible data like JSON objects.

Example Document:

{
  "config_name": "assignment_groups",
  "values": ["IT Support", "HR Support", "Finance"],
  "last_updated": "2025-02-08"
}




2. Centralized Configuration Files:

Store configurations in JSON, YAML, or XML files.

Example:

{
  "session_timeout": "20 minutes",
  "assignment_groups": ["IT Support", "HR Support", "Finance"]
}

Store these files in a version control system (e.g., GitHub) to track updates.



3. ServiceNow Platform:

Use ServiceNow's database or admin panels to manage configurations.

Leverage ServiceNow APIs to dynamically fetch configuration details during chatbot interactions.



4. Admin Dashboard:

Create a user-friendly admin UI for team members to update configurations (e.g., modify session timeouts, add new assignment groups).



5. Version Control with GitHub/Bitbucket:

Maintain a centralized repository for configuration files with proper versioning.

Use branches for testing and merging updated configurations.





---

5. Dependencies

ServiceNow Platform: Integration for assignment groups and session handling.

APIs: To fetch and update configuration data dynamically.

Database/File Storage: For maintaining persistent configuration data.

Version Control System: To track and manage configuration changes.



---

6. Acceptance Criteria

The task will be considered complete when:

All required configurations are identified and documented.

Options for maintaining configurations for onboarded products are determined, including:

Database (Relational or NoSQL).

Configuration Files (JSON, YAML).

ServiceNow Platform.

Admin Dashboard.


The onboarding flow and its application of configurations are clearly defined.

Dependencies are acknowledged, and a strategy for integration is outlined.



---

Would you like this document exported as a Word file or saved in Markdown format for your team? Let me know where you'd prefer to store it!

